We're going to go to the web console for Google Cloud
Platform and check out a few things.
First, monitoring for our Kubernetes cluster.
Metrics are automatically fed into Stackdriver so you can view
charts and graphs for your GKE resources.
Next,
we'll take a look at the cluster and registry so you can see
what those look like in the web console.
Finally, we'll visit the billing section.
Here is the Google Cloud Platform web console.
You can customize it with various widgets.
We're going to check out monitoring.
Scroll down to Stackdriver, then Monitoring.
The first time that you go to your metrics,
it may take a minute while it initializes with your data.
I've made sure to select the workspace for the project
that my Kubernetes is running in.
Under Resources, Kubernetes Engine, you can then access the Kubernetes metrics.
Here you'll find typical metrics that you would expect like CPU usage,
disk IO, network traffic.
You can drill in to individual metrics, then see it broken down by instances.
Here you can see where we scaled the nodes down to 1,
and two of the nodes were removed.
There's a slight delay for the metrics to show up so we don't
see the cluster scaling back up to 3 just yet.
To access information about your Kubernetes cluster,
scroll down to Compute, Kubernetes Engine.
If I select the demo cluster, I can see additional details about that cluster.
Most things that can be done from the command line
interface can also be done via the web console.
For example, if you wanted to add a node pool,
here's what it would look like in the console.
You could select various options to enable, select the node type.
How much you use the web console will depend upon your operating environment.
If you're troubleshooting a particular node or pod,
you could also drill down to get information about those.
To take a look at the container registry,
you can simply search container, then select Container Registry.
This repository was created as part of the project.
When we drill into it, we can see the two different tags that we've pushed.
To access billing, you can find it in the menu or simply search for billing.
There are several different features that right now we
really don't have much data to show,
but you could see the granularity of how things are tracked and how most of our
things have had a 0 cost at this point due to either being free or part of the credits that were given when we opened an account.